Patience is the greatest of all virtues.
Cato the Elder
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Edmund Burke
If I have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention, than to any other talent.
Isaac Newton
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
Carl Jung
I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
Albert Einstein
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
Albert Einstein
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
Albert Einstein
I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.
Jane Austen
Let others pride themselves about how many pages they have written; I'd rather boast about the ones I've read.
Jorge Luis Borges
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Helen Keller
Man loves company - even if it is only that of a small burning candle. 
Georg C. Lichtenberg
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer.
Muhammad Ali
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Robert H. Schuller
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
The word 'Islam' means 'peace.' The word 'Muslim' means 'one who surrenders to God.' But the press makes us seem like haters.
Muhammad Ali
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
Muhammad Ali
The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.
Carl Sagan
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
Muhammad Ali
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Carl Sagan
My principles are more important than the money or my title.
Muhammad Ali
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Donald Trump
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Donald Trump
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday.
Aaliyah
Keep working hard and you can get anything that you want.
Aaliyah
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
Robin Williams
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.
George Eliot
Failure is a part of success.
Hank Aaron
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
Charles Dickens
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Wayne Dyer
Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
Wayne Dyer
I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it.
Johnny Depp
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Helen Keller
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
Les Brown